[NO-JIRA] Move maps to peer dep (#589)
Skyscanner/backpack-react-native: UNRELEASED.md

# Unreleased

> Place your changes below this line.
**Breaking:**

>  - The following dependencies are now peer-dependencies to avoid shipping multiple versions alonside eachother.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - The following dependencies are now peer dependencies to avoid shipping multiple versions alongside each other.
```
